[Music]
20 years announced left pot best luck
out there look one day at a time
your parole will be satisfied in a few
months and then you can start to start
over life isn't going the way I thought
[Music]
struggle with myself so much even know
what I do is my selfie
I can't understand you're gonna have to
speak out there's no emergency
and I've lived in California almost 25
years would you miss the day at the
ocean with me you do know you can't take
home abandoned children right I could a
doctor we know about your record you're
still a parolee in the good state of
California do you have a bus - I only
round trip on one way
[Music]
swinging
sorry it took me so long to get here
[Music]
you